Assignment Description: This is an implementation of Escape the Dungeon using Java and Object-Oriented Programming.

Individual information:
 -Name: Julio Berina
 -Class: CS 141
 -Professor: Edwin Rodríguez

Approach: 
First off, my idea for the game loop was to make the run method an instance of the
UserInterface class rather than the GameEngine class. I did this because the
UserInterface class will be the one to display and gather user input, so I decided
to implement the run method in UserInterface and have an instance of GameEngine
inside UserInterface. That instance will gather and take data needed by the
UserInterface class. In terms of lines of code, a couple of my methods were above 20
lines, but I let that slide. As long as my methods for the most part were 15-20 lines
long, I'm in the sweet spot. If my methods were longer, I'd create new methods with
different names to separate the tasks and just call the tasks inside other methods.
For possibilities in the game, I used Lists of size 100 to represent a percentage
and fill it with chances of "hit or miss", "pistol, rifle, or shotgun", etc.
I used private variables as ways to index from those lists. One exception to this
idea is the escape option, which takes a simple random number from 0-9 and returns
true if 0 and false if any other value. The game loop runs as long as the player
is alive and still in the dungeon. If the player dies or reaches the exit, the game
is over and a message outputs based on how the game ended. For the Player and Enemy
classes, I decided to create them and inherit from the ActiveAgent class, which was
an abstract base class. The game is played throughout by the scanner asking the user
to press enter to take a step forward. If an encounter occurs, it enters battle mode
by setting (boolean battle) inside GameEngine to true. That initiates battle and
changes up the screen to a battle-mode interface. This is displayed until the player
kills the enemy, the enemy kills the player, or the player manages to escape.

Conclusions/Lessons learned:
The hardest part about the project wasn't exactly writing the code. It's easy to spew
out a bunch of spaghetti code everywhere and have a working program. The hardest part
was learning to design your code in an object-oriented manner. It was difficult to
implement code in a way that not only works well but is also neatly designed. I did
the best I could to design my code in an OO-manner, and I think that I did a pretty
good job in doing so. Although, it took longer for me to make a game compared to
if I just wrote spaghetti code, I learned so much more. It forced me to look at
object-oriented programming in ways that I've never really looked at before. I never
understood why code had to be organized in classes and methods and all. I used to
think it was stupid, but now I see why I have to do these things. It's for the
sake of organization and easier maintainability.

